Mégane's May updates (#946)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-05/4-Product-completeness-in-the-API.md

---
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

> # Highlight the most enriched products on your channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New API filter on product completeness
```
Suggesting a new title, to be more straight to the point, so people directly know what's new.

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="late May" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="https://api.akeneo.com/concepts/products.html#product"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="late May" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="https://api.akeneo.com/concepts/products.html#product"
```
Isn't it new?

> When developing your connectors, you can now ask for the product completeness whenever retrieving products. Thanks to this piece of information, you can easily push forward the most enriched products on your different channels.

Reviewer: Why "When developing your connectors"? Why not something more general like "When using our API to develop a PIM extension or simply connecting your PIM other applications, you can now filter.." 
Or only "When connecting your PIM to other applications"

Author: ```suggestion
When connecting your PIM to other applications through the API, you can now ask for the product completeness whenever retrieving products. Thanks to this piece of information, you can easily push forward the most enriched products on your different channels.
```

> Also, if your PIM is connected to your BI tool, the product completeness can be very useful to follow KPIs such as ...

Author: @meganelepalud-akeneo We need examples of KPIs that could be shown in BI tools of our customers. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: the product completeness percentage per family or the number of products under a specific percentage of completeness.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, if your PIM is connected to your BI tool, the product completeness can be very useful to follow KPIs such as the product completeness percentage per family for example.
```

> Below is a product example in JSON with its associated completeness for all its channels/locales combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a JSON example of a product with its completeness across all channel/locale combinations.
```
